1 . A,D
2 . A,B
3 . Structured Query Language
4 . Data Definition Language
5 . Data Manipulation Language
6 . Create Table A (B int,C float) 
7 . Alter Table A ADD COLUMN D float
8 . Delete D from A 
9 . Alter Table A Alter Column D int
10. Alter Table A Add Primary key B 

Q 11. What is data-warehouse?
Answer : Data warehousing is the electronic storage of a large amount of information by a business or organization.
 Data warehouse is also used for reporting and data analysis, and is considered a core component of business intelligence

Q 12. What is the difference between OLTP VS OLAP?
Answer :  OLTP stands for Online Transaction Processing. It is a kind of data processing approach which involves the use of transaction-oriented tasks.
          The database systems are used to perform online transactions and query processing.

          OLAP stands for Online Analytical Processing Server. It is a software technology that allows users to analyze information 
          from multiple database systems at the same time.OLAP databases are divided into one or more cubes and these cubes are known as Hyper-cubes.

Q 13.  What are the various characteristics of data-warehouse?
Answer :    1    Subject-oriented -A data warehouse is always a subject oriented as it delivers information about a theme instead of organization’s current operations.
            2    Integrated –
            3    Time-Variant –
            4    Non-Volatile –


Q 14.  What is Star-Schema?
Answer : .  This schema is widely used to develop or build a data warehouse and dimensional data marts It includes one or more fact tables indexing any number of dimensional tables. 
The star schema is a necessary case of the snowflake schema. It is also efficient for handling basic queries.

Q 15. What do you mean by SETL?
Answer : SETL is a very high-level programming language based on the mathematical theory of 
sets.SETL provides two basic aggregate data types: unordered sets, and sequences (the latter also called tuples).
SETL provides several iterators to produce a variety of loops over aggregate data structures